SARTORIUS RULES!
THE WHITE DORM ROCKS!
All:
LONG LIVE THE KING! SARTORIUS!
DO YOU LIKE
THE WHITE PAINT, MASTER?
ALL MY IDEA.
WHAT CHAZZ MEANS IS,
WE HOPE YOU'RE
FEELING AT HOME, SIR.
[CHEERING]
PLEASE...
I'M NO MORE DESERVING OF CHEERS
THAN ALL OF YOU.
AFTER ALL,
I'M JUST AN EAGER STUDENT.
BEFORE THE EYES OF DESTINY,
EACH ONE OF US IS A MERE PUPIL,
WAITING FOR THE HANDS OF FATE
TO MOLD OUR FUTURE.
THAT TIME IS NOW HERE!
All: SARTORIUS!
SARTORIUS!
DID HE BRAINWASH
THE WHOLE DORM?
AFFIRMATIVE.
WHY ELSE WOULD THEY
BE CHEERING LIKE THAT?
IT'S NOT LIKE
HE DESERVES IT.
WELL, HE IS THE OLDEST
LIVING FRESHMAN.
WE HAVE GOT TO STOP HIM,
AND FAST.
BUT HOW?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Crowler: YOU SEEM
TO HAVE FORGOTTEN!
I'M IN CHARGE HERE!
SO IT'S MY CHOICE!
AND I PICK ITALY
FOR OUR FIELD TRIP!
A WHOLE WEEK OF PASTA!
OOH! AND MAYBE
A GONDOLA RIDE!
I CAN JUST TASTE
THOSE CANNOLIS,
CAN'T YOU?
ACTUALLY,
I PREFER CREME BRULEE!
SO...
I PROPOSE THIS!
A FUN-FILLED TRIP
TO GAY PAIR-EE!
ESCARGOT FOR ALL!
AAH!
Chazz:
SO WHAT'S ON TODAY'S AGENDA?
EVER HEAR OF KNOCKING?
IF YOU MUST KNOW,
WE'RE PLANNING YOUR FIELD TRIP!
YEAH? WELL, WE HAVE
A FEW IDEAS OF OUR OWN!
NOT AS LONG AS
I'M IN COMMAND OF
THIS INSTITUTION!
GUESS AGAIN, TEACH!
WE HAVE A NEW LEADER,
AND HE ALREADY
PICKED A DESTINATION
FOR YOUR LAME
FIELD TRIP!
WHAT NEW LEADER!?
THAT ONE!
PARDON THE INTERRUPTION,
GENTLEMEN,
BUT YOU SEE,
I HAD A VISION
ABOUT THIS FIELD TRIP.
DID IT INCLUDE
PASTA?
[STUDENTS GRUNTING]
WHAT HE MEANT TO SAY WAS...
WE'RE, UH, OPEN TO
ANY AND ALL SUGGESTIONS.
SO CONTINUE!
[GROWL]
I SUGGEST--
A TRIP TO ROME?
PIPE DOWN.
LET HIM CHOOSE!
WE WANT THIS GUY
ON OUR SIDE.
GOOD.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE BOTH
LISTENING TO REASON.
TAKE A SEAT
AND LET MASTER SARTORIUS
HANDLE THIS.
Jaden: HOLD ON, GUYS!
[STUDENTS GASP]
I MEAN...
DON'T WE GET A VOTE?
BACK OFF...
YOU DORK!
AT LEAST UNTIL
YOU'RE SMART ENOUGH
TO JOIN US!
LOOK. LET'S DO THIS
FAIR AND SQUARE.
WHATTA YA SAY WE SETTLE THIS
WITH A DUEL, BIG GUY?
A DUEL? INT'RESTING.
YOU WIN...AND YOU CHOOSE
THE LOCATION OF THIS TRIP.
HOWEVER, SHOULD YOU HAPPEN
TO LOSE OUR LITTLE WAGER...
WELL, THEN, PROMISE ME THIS.
YOU'LL JOIN ME
IN THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
JADEN...
I DON'T LIKE THOSE ODDS!
NO WAY! JUS' LOOK
AT THEIR LAUNDRY, JAY!
THEY USE
WAY TOO MUCH BLEACH!
HASSLEBERRY'S RIGHT.
COME ON, GUYS.
YOU CAN'T LET ALL THIS
BRAINWASHING STUFF GET TO YOU.
HE'S RIGHT,
ESPECIALLY SINCE
I WON'T BE THE ONE
PARTICIPATING
IN THIS DUEL.
Jaden: WHAT?!
YOU SEE, GENTLEMEN,
AS A NEW STUDENT HERE,
I'D RATHER NOT STAND OUT.
THEN GET
A NEW HAIRCUT!
TOUCHE.
NOW TELL ME, WILL YOU BE
ACCEPTING MY CHALLENGE OR NOT?
I SHOULD CONFESS,
I ALREADY KNOW YOUR ANSWER.
OOH!
Rose: ONCE UPON A TIME,
BEFORE CELL PHONES,
SOY SHAKES, AND CREDIT CARDS,
THERE WAS, LIKE,
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS
AND THE MOST HIDEOUS FROG.
OH, I SO LOVE THIS STORY!
AND THE FROG, DESPITE HAVING
A MAJOR BAD SKIN DAY
AND NEEDING A TOTAL MAKEOVER,
WAS ACTUALLY A HANDSOME PRINCE!
[KNOCK KNOCK]
WHAT?
YOU'RE NEEDED
DOWNSTAIRS, ROSE.
THERE'S AN IMPORTANT
DUEL,
AND HE SPECIFICALLY
ASKED FOR YOU.
UNDERSTOOD?
SARTORIUS?
JUST LET ME PUT MY FACE ON!
[CROWD CHEERING]
OK. SO WHERE IS
HIS OPPONENT?!
THIS IS NUTS!
ANOTHER MINUTE,
AND I'M GONNA DUEL HIM!
I HOPE IT'S NOT A TRAP.
Jaden: I GUESS SARTORIUS'
MYSTERY DUELIST CHICKENED OUT.
SO MUCH FOR DESTINY.
WE MAY AS WELL GO HOME.
Alexis:
SHALL WE START?
HUH? ALEXIS?
I'M DUELING YOU?!
NOT ME.
HUH?
TODAY YOU'LL BE DUELING
AGAINST HER.
PRINCESS ROSE!
LOOK, GUYS!
A PRINCESS!
10-4!
INDEED.
I THOUGHT YOU'D BE TALLER.
LOVE WHAT YOU'VE DONE
WITH THE HAIR, THOUGH.
UH, THANKS. YOU, TOO!
SO YOU'RE LIKE, WHAT?
SOME KINDA BIG PRO?
NOT IMPRESSED. SORRY.
NAH,
I'M REALLY JUST A KID.
A KID WITH A SWEET DECK!
NOW GET YOUR GAME ON!
THIS SHOULDN'T
TAKE TOO LONG.
HUH?
I'LL START
WITH T.A.D.P.O.L.E.
UGH.
NOW, THAT'S UGLY.
YOU WOULD KNOW.
[GIGGLING]
SHE GOT YOU!
I KNOW!
HER MONSTER
HAS ZERO POINTS.
Bastion: IT'S AS IF
SHE'S LURING HIM.
IT'S, LIKE, YOUR TURN.
OH, RIGHT!
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND CHECK OUT
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
FOR EVERY CARD
THAT'S IN YOUR HAND,
I RECEIVE
500 LIFE POINTS!
NOT BAD!
AND WITH 5 CARDS,
THAT'S LIKE...
Bastion: 2,500 POINTS!
HA HA!
'N NOW...TIME FOR
AIR HUMMINGBIRD
TO SQUASH
YOUR T.A.D.P.O.L.E.!
HOW PREDICTABLE!
GUESS I'LL JUST USE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
SURPRISE!
ANOTHER LITTLE CUTIE
TOTALLY JOINS MY HAND!
BIG DEAL.
THAT THING'S GOT
NO DEFENSE POINTS!
SO WHAT'S THE POINT?
HUH?
WHAT'S SHE UP TO?
WELL...
HONESTLY, I HAVE NO IDEA.
Both: OH, GREAT!
PAY ATTENTION.
READY!?
'CAUSE HERE COMES
THE WHOLE POINT!
FROG RESURRECTION!
I TAKE THE T.A.D.P.O.L.E.
FROM MY HAND
AND DITCH HIM
IN THE GRAVEYARD.
AND THEN, MY ORIGINAL
T.A.D.P.O.L.E.,
HE'S ALL LIKE,
"HELLO. I'M BACK!"
HOW'S THAT
FOR A SPELL, HUH?
SO SHE JUST USED
ONE MONSTER TO...
TO GET...THE EXACT SAME
MONSTER BACK.
GREAT SCOTT!
THAT T.A.D.P.O.L.E.
IS A TRAP!
LIKE, SO OBVIOUS!
HE'S A SACRIFICE
FOR MY DES FROG!
YOUR "DES" WHAT!?
FROG.
[SIGH]
I'M NOT DONE.
MY TWO FRIENDS
HAVE ANOTHER TRICK.
AREN'T THEY SO CUTE?
BUT THEY GROW UP SO FAST.
ISN'T THAT WIGHT,
MY WITTLE BOY-FWIENDS?
AAH!
THEY'VE GOT LEGS NOW!
AND A PAIR OF ARMS, TOO!
CROWLER?
BONAPARTE?
[CROAKING]
NOT SO LITTLE ANYMORE,
ARE THEY?
'CAUSE, LIKE,
WHEN MY DES FROG'S
ON THE FIELD....
HE MULTIPLIES!
I GET ONE FOR EACH
T.A.D.P.O.L.E. I LOST!
PRETTY SWEET COMBO!
JUST
DON'T GET WARTS!
AS IF!
BESIDES,
THESE LITTLE GREEN HOTTIES
AREN'T FROGS.
THEY'RE NOT?
LIKE, NO.
THEY'RE PRINCES!
[CROAKING]
THEY'RE
PRINCES!?
LOOK LIKE FROGS TA ME!
OH, PLEASE.
I AM SO NOT BUYING
INTO YOUR LITTLE ACT!
I KNOW ABOUT YOUR SECRET!
YOU SEE SPIRITS!
SO CAN'T YA SEE MINE?
UH, SURE.
I...SEE 'EM.
3 PRINCES.
YOU'RE FAKING IT!
[GROAN]
FINE. WHAT-EVER!
WELL, I KNOW THEY'RE REAL.
AND THEY'RE, LIKE,
WAITING FOR A KISS.
AND THEN WE'LL ALL
LIVE HAPP'LY EVER AFT'R!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
PRINCY-POOS!?
[CROAK]
HI, BOYS.
WHO WANTS
THE FIRST KISS?
PUCKER UP!
UGH!
THIS DUEL SHALL SERVE AS A TEST.
JADEN...I'M TOLD
YOU POSSESS A GIFT--
THE ABILITY TO SEE THE SPIRITS
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
PROVE IT! NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
OK.
THIS IS JUST WEIRD!
FROGS?!
WHO IN
THEIR RIGHT MIND
WOULD BE IN LOVE
WITH A REPTILE!?
[GRUNT]
GET IT RIGHT, LOSER!
LIKE, FROGS
ARE SO NOT REPTILES.
THEY'RE AMPHIBIANS!
ANYWAY,
THESE AREN'T FROGS.
THEY'RE PRINCES!
[SIGH]
AND SOMEDAY I'M GONNA
RUN AWAY WITH THEM!
UH...
SO...YOU SEE THEM,
DON'T YOU?
HMM.
[THINKING]
DID I LOSE THE POWER
TO SEE MONSTER SPIRITS!?
HUH?
FINE! BE THAT WAY!
I KNOW THEY EXIST!
ANYWAY...
I PLAY DES CROAKING!
NOW MY FROGS--UH,
I MEAN, MY 3 PRINCES,
CAN DESTROY EVERY CARD
ON YOUR FIELD,
LEAVING YOU
TOTALLY DEFENSELESS!
THINK OF IT THIS WAY.
I'M GIVING YOUR FIELD
A MAKEOVER!
[RAPID RIBBITING]
AAH!
MY HUMMINGBIRD!
BRAVO!
NOW THAT
HIS MONSTER'S GONE,
STRIKE HIM DIRECTLY,
BOYS!
[RAPID RIBBITING]
[CROWD CHANTING, "ROSE!"]
ALL THAT...
FOR A FEW FROGS?
IMPRESSIVE!
JADEN'S IN BIG TROUBLE!
HOW CAN HE STOP THEM?
EAT 'EM!
WITH BARBECUE SAUCE!
YES, AND IF THAT
SHOULD FAIL?
HONEY MUSTARD.
IF YOU THINK MY BOYFRIENDS
ARE TOUGH NOW,
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT'S NEXT!
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION!
HMM. GREAT.
BOYS!
DO ROSE A FAVOR.
SHOW HIM YOUR CUTE LITTLE
MERGING TRICK.
NOW,
THAT'S A MONSTER!
[ALL GROAN]
TOTALLY!
HE'S THE CUTEST PRINCE
OF ALL!
HIS NAME IS D.3.S. FROG,
AND I'M SO CRUSHING ON HIM!
HE'S, LIKE,
SO DREAMY, ISN'T HE?
UH...
[THINKING]
WHY CAN'T I SEE
THESE SPIRITS?!
OHH.
OK. MY MOVE!
CHECK THIS OUT!
IT'S MY ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
AND HE'S GOT
A LITTLE TRICK, TOO!
WHEN HE'S
THE ONLY MONSTER
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
HMM.
THIS SHOULD WORK.
NOW, BUBBLEMAN,
FUSE TOGETHER
WITH CLAYMAN
AND COMBINE TO FORM
ELEMENTAL HERO
MUDBALLMAN!
THEN I'LL THROW
THESE DOWN
AND TAKE A LITTLE BREAK.
WHAT-EVER!
WATCH THIS!
MY FAVORITE!
IT'S MY POT OF GREED!
TWO MORE FOR ME!
OH...MY...GOSH!
I CAN TOTALLY PLAY
FOOLISH BURIAL!
AND JUST IN CASE
YOU'RE, LIKE,
OUT OF THE LOOP
ON THIS ONE, JADEN,
NOW I CAN, LIKE,
TOTALLY MOVE A CARD
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN I PLAY MY FLUTE
OF HAMMELIN SPELL CARD!
THIS IS WHERE THINGS
GET TOTALLY TUBULAR!
TRY'N KEEP UP!
FIRST I PICK A CARD,
LIKE, SAY,
MY TREEBORN FROG.
THEN EVERY OTHER FROG
GOES TO THE GRAVEYARD!
LATER, BOYS!
NOW FEAST YOUR EYES
ON MY BIG HUNK!
'CAUSE HE GAINS 500 POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD
I JUST TOSSED
FOR A TOTAL OF 4,000!
FOR A DITZ, THAT GAL
SURE CAN ADD QUICKLY!
AW, MAN!
THAT TOAD
IS STRONGER
THAN MUDBALLMAN!
UH, IT'S A FROG.
AND THANKS TO HIM,
YOUR FRIEND'S ABOUT TO CROAK!
AH! LET GO!
[BELCH]
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
HERO SIGNAL!
WHEN ONE OF MY MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED,
I GET TO PLAY A NEW ONE!
AS LONG AS IT'S
AN ELEMENTAL HERO.
SO WHO'S IT GONNA BE?
SO MANY TO CHOOSE FROM!
I KNOW!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
OH, PA-LEAZE!
JUST GAG ME!
DE-FUSION'LL
TAKE CARE OF HIM.
DON'T TELL ME!
Syrus: SHE'S
BRINGING THEM BACK!?
[RIBBITING]
MY PRINCES!
THEY'VE COME TO MY RESCUE!
RESCUE FROM WHAT?!
IT'S CALLED "DRAMA."
JUST GO WITH IT.
NOW ATTACK!
CHILL OUT, FROGGIES!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
HERO RING!
SWEET, HUH?
AND BESIDES GIVING AVIAN
A COOL NEW LOOK,
HERO RING
ALSO PROTECTS HIM
BY WARDING OFF
YOUR FROGS...
OR, AH,
PRINCES, I GUESS.
OH, JEFFREY!
ROOSEVELT!
PERCIVAL!
YOUR FROGS HAVE NAMES!?
YOU'VE GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME!
HMM.
[THINKING]
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT
ABOUT HER...
AND I THINK I KNOW WHAT!
[THINKING]
I AM SO OVER THIS DUEL.
OK. I'M SACRIFICING
MY BOYFRIENDS
AND INVITING
MY AMPHIBIAN ANGEL TO JOIN US!
HE'S NOT TOO BIG
ON POINTS.
YEAH, BUT WHAT HE LACKS
IN STRENGTH,
HE MAKES UP FOR
WITH HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
THANKS TO
MY AMPHIBIAN FRIEND,
ALL YOUR TRAPS AND SPELLS
ARE GONNA HAFTA
SIT THIS ONE OUT, BABE.
HUH?
OH, YEAH.
I'VE GOT ONE MORE SURPRISE!
YOU REMEMBER MY PRINCES?
WELL, THEY ARE, LIKE,
TOTALLY PARTY CRASHING!
IT'S A FROG-FEST!
GET MY BIB!
IT'S BARBECUE TIME!
DISGUSTING!
NOT BAD, HUH?
OH, ONE MORE THING!
MY AMPHIBIAN ANGEL
IS COMPLETELY OFF LIMITS!
Chazz: HOLD ON!
HUH?
LET ME GET IN THERE
SO I CAN FINISH HIM OFF!
'CAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES!
WAIT A SEC.
YOU CAN'T JUST BUTT IN!
IT'S HER MATCH!
THAT'S RIGHT!
HELLO! RUDENESS!
WHATEVER!
HA HA HA!
LOOK, ROSE.
YOU LIED TO SARTORIUS
ABOUT YOUR ABILITIES!
THAT'S RIGHT!
I KNOW YOU CAN'T SEE
DUEL MONSTER SPIRITS!
I CAN'T?
BUT THEY'RE RIGHT THERE!
YEAH, RIGHT.
AND JADEN YUKI'S
THE NEXT KING OF GAMES!
YOU CAN'T FOOL ME.
I'VE BEEN SEEING
THOSE ANNOYING SPIRITS
MORNING, NOON, AND NIGHT
FOR THE PAST YEAR!
GOT THAT?!
SO I DESERVE TO BE IN THERE!
NOT A POSEUR LIKE YOU!
I'LL MAKE JADEN SEE THE LIGHT!
HOLD ON.
I AM SO NOT LYING!
IT'S TRUE!
JUST LOOK!
THEY'RE REAL!
EVER SINCE
I WAS A LITTLE DIVA,
I SPENT
ALL OF MY TIME ALONE.
BUT THEN,
I READ THE STORY
OF THE FROG PRINCE,
THEN POOF!
MY PRINCE SHOWED UP!
AND SOON THEY ALL DID!
YOU'RE INSANE!
WRONG.
HUH?
YA KNOW WHAT?
SPRITS DON'T ONLY COME
FROM DUELING CARDS.
SOMETIMES
THEY COME FROM
A PERSON'S HEART.
IF SHE SAYS
SHE SEES PRINCES,
THEN WHO ARE WE
TO ARGUE WITH HER?
I BELIEVE YA, ROSE.
YOU'VE GOT
ALL YOUR SPIRITS...
AND I'VE GOT MINE.
WELL THAT CONFIRMS IT.
YOU'RE BOTH LOONY!
BUT SPIRITS OR NO SPIRITS,
THERE'S ONE THING
I'LL MAKE SURE YOU BOTH SEE,
AND THAT'S THE LIGHT!
AND HE THINKS
WE'RE LOONY?
[CHUCKLE]
JUST 'CAUSE YOU AND I
ARE FRIENDS NOW
DOESN'T MEAN
I'LL GO EASY ON YOU!
I WOULD HOPE NOT!
[GIGGLE]
ALL RIGHT!
I PLAY...POT OF GREED!
SO I'LL DRAW TWO CARDS
AND SUMMON BURSTINATRIX
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
O - OVERSOUL!
THIS HANDY LITTLE SPELL
LETS ME BRING BACK
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO HERE COMES CLAYMAN!
BUT I'M NOT DONE!
IT'S TIME FOR A LITTLE
SKYSCRAPER ACTION!
BUT THIS ISN'T JUST
A CHANGE OF SCENERY!
[GASP]
NOW, IF ONE OF MY HEROES
IS WEAKER THAN
ITS OPPONENT,
THEN IT GETS A THOUSAND
EXTRA POINTS!
[GASP]
THAT'S NOT ALL!
YA SEE THIS?
IT'S CALLED
POWER CHARGER,
AND IT RAISES MY AVIAN'S
STRENGTH EVEN MORE!
'CAUSE NOW WHEN
HE DESTROYS
ANOTHER MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER'S POWER
IS ADDED TO HIS!
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST,
I ACTIVATE
MY FEATHER SHOT SPELL!
NOW AVIAN
GETS ONE ATTACK
FOR EVERY SINGLE MONSTER
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD!
YOU'RE KIDDING!
HOLD ON.
BUT THAT MEANS...
JADEN'S GONNA WIN,
GUYS!
AND ROSE...
IS GOING TO WILT.
ALL RIGHT, AVIAN!
GO TIME!
ATTACK HER PRINCE!
BYE, JEFFREY!
ONE DOWN, TWO TO GO!
ROOSEVELT!
PERCIVAL!
[SIGH]
THAT'S GAME!
HEY, ROSE,
IS EVERYTHING OK?
NO! I BROKE TWO NAILS!
SOMEONE CALL MY DADDY!
[POUTING]
HA HA HA!
HUH?
[RIBBITING]
[THINKING]
SO THEY WERE REAL!
HA HA HA!
[LAUGHTER]
Syrus: YOU WON!
HEY, ANYONE
FOR FROG'S LEGS!?
SO, WHERE TO?
RIGHT! I CHOOSE THE TRIP!
DO YOU GUYS HAVE ANY IDEAS
ABOUT WHERE TO GO?
OH, JUST CHOOSE.
QUICKLY.
[GROANING]
Jaden: HELLO?
CHECK ONE, TWO.
IS THIS THING ON?!
THERE'S ONLY ONE PLACE
I WANNA GO!
JADEN WINS AGAIN.
BUT SOONER OR LATER,
FATE WILL CATCH UP WITH HIM.
WE'RE GONNA GO...
TO YUGI'S HOMETOWN!
DOMINO CITY!
Sartorius: HOW APPROPRIATE.
[LAUGHING]
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪